[Music]
if you get this message your child is in
danger as any parent knows we can't
totally safeguard our teenage kids from
ending up in a difficult situation they
can't resolve on their own so it's
crucial for adults to be able to come to
their aid as soon as possible today
we're going to tell you about a unique
helpful method of keeping your child out
of harm's way don't forget to show this
video to your little one and teach them
this quick way to escape from any
dangerous situation here's an example
your teenage kid is hanging out with bad
company one day they decide to try
alcohol or even drugs such a situation
might prove too unpredictable for your
son or daughter to handle moreover your
child most likely won't phone you for
advice for fear of looking a coward in
the eyes of his or her friends and even
if you call your kid to ask whether
everything's all right you'll probably
get a standard reply along the lines of
yeah I'm absolutely fine
Burtt folks a pastor from West Virginia
has studied this teenage psychological
trait to better communicate with his son
Danny
as a result faults invented a kind of
secret code that allows his son to send
his dad SOS signals without the risk of
losing face with his peers folks got
this brilliant idea after talking to
teens in addiction clinics across the
country he asked each of those kids a
simple question have you ever found
yourself in a situation where things
started happening that you weren't
comfortable with but you stuck around
mainly because you felt like you didn't
have a way out all teenagers admitted
having experienced such moments on many
occasions so the pastor decided that
something needed to be done to help kids
and specifically his own son overcome
the problem here's how folks himself
describes his invention let's say that
my youngest Danny gets dropped off at a
party if anything about the situation
makes him uncomfortable
all he has to do is text the letter X to
any of us his mother me his older
brother or sister the
one who receives the text has a very
basic script to follow within a few
minutes they'll call Danny's phone when
he answers the conversation goes like
this hello Danny
something's come up and I have to come
get you right now what happened I'll
tell you when I get there be ready to
leave in five minutes I'm on my way at
that point
Danny tells his friends that something's
happened at home somebody's coming to
get him and he has to leave that's it
Danny is home safe and sound from his
friends point of view he didn't run away
but merely had to leave on important
business this know-how not only protects
your child from harm but also helps to
build trust the most important thing is
to make kids realize that even if they
get in trouble due to disobedience their
parents chief priority would be not to
punish but to help don't forget to share
this video with those who have children
hit the like button below the video and
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]